<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	template="./../WEB-INF/template/BjmTemplate.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<h3>Terms and Conditions of Use</h3>
		<p>bjmanch.org Web Productions (“bjmanch.org”, “we” or “us”)
			operates the website services (“the Program”) on the www.bjmanch.org
			website (the “Site”) (the Program and Site collectively referred the
			“Services”). These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”) govern
			your use of the Services. Please read these Terms carefully before
			using the Services.</p>
		<h4>Acceptance of Terms</h4>
		<ol type="1">
			<li>These Terms constitute an electronic contract that
				establishes the legally binding terms you must accept to use the
				Services. These Terms includes GDFNow.org’s Privacy Policy.</li>
			<li>By accessing or using the Service, you accept these Terms
				and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained or
				referenced herein. To withdraw this consent, you must cease using
				the Services. This Agreement may be modified by GDFNow.org from time
				to time, such modifications to be effective upon posting by us in
				the Service.</li>
		</ol>
		<h4>User Content</h4>
		<ol type="1">
			<li>The Site may allow users to post, link, share or otherwise
				make available certain text, graphics, videos or other materials
				(“User Content”). You are solely responsible for all User Content
				you post, including its legality, reliability and appropriateness
				according to these Terms.</li>
			<li>By posting User Content on our Site, you represent and
				warrant that:
				<ol type="a">
					<li>You own the User Content or have the right to use it and
						grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms;</li>

					<li>the postings of your User Content on or through the Site
						does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights,
						contract rights or any other rights of any person</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>bjmanch.org reserves all rights to block or remove any User
				Content on or through the Site that we determine to be:
				<ol type="a">
					<li>abusive, defamatory, or obscene;</li>

					<li>fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading;</li>

					<li>in violation of a copyright, trademark, or other
						intellectual property right of another;</li>
					<li>offensive or otherwise unacceptable, in our sole
						discretion.</li>
				</ol>

			</li>
			<li>By posting User Content, you grant bjmanch.org the right and
				license to use, modify, publicly perform, display, reproduce and
				distribute such User Content on and through the Services. You retain
				any and all of your rights to any User Content you submit and are
				responsible for protecting those rights.</li>
		</ol>
		<h4>Disclaimers</h4>
		<ol type="1">
			<li>The Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available"
				basis, and you acknowledge and agree that you use the Services at
				your own and sole risk. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any
				kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to,
				implied warranties of merchantability, and fitness for a particular
				purpose, title and non-infringement.</li>
			<li>Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we make no
				guarantees in relation to the following:
				<ol type="a">
					<li>the Services will meet your requirements or expectations;
					</li>
					<li>the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or
						error-free;</li>
					<li>the accuracy, quality or reliability of the Services;</li>
					<li>any information you provide or we collect will not be
						disclosed to third parties; or</li>
					<li>third parties will not use your confidential information
						in an unauthorized manner. Under no circumstances will we be
						responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or
						death, resulting from anyone's use of the Services or any conduct
						or interactions between users of our Services.</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>Our Program only provides a passive means for third parties
				to post comments on your website. We have no control over any
				comments made by third parties on or through the Program, nor do the
				third party comments necessarily reflect the views or opinions of
				bjmanch.org. You are solely responsible for monitoring any comments
				posted in reply to your postings and inform the compliance /admin of
				bjmanch.org.</li>

		</ol>
		<h4>Limitation of Liability</h4>
		<ol type="1">
			<li>You agree that we will not be liable for any damages
				whatsoever, including direct, indirect, incidental, punitive,
				special, consequential or exemplary damages arising from, relating
				to or connected with:
				<ol type="a">
					<li>the use or inability to use the Services;</li>
					<li>any other matter arising from, relating to or connected
						with the Services or these Terms.</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing
				under these Terms where such failure or delay is due to causes
				beyond our reasonable control, including natural disasters,
				governmental acts or omissions, laws or regulations, terrorism,
				labor strikes or difficulties, communication system breakdowns,
				hardware or software failures, transportation stoppages or slowdowns
				or the inability to procure supplies or materials.</li>
			<li>You acknowledge and agree that the disclaimers of warranties
				and these limitations of liability are an agreed upon allocation of
				risk between you and us. You acknowledge and agree that if you did
				not agree to these limitations of liability we would not provide the
				Services to you. You acknowledge and agree that such provisions are
				reasonable and fair.</li>
		</ol>
		<h4>Indemnity</h4>
		<ol type="1">
			<li>You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, and our
				subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, and each of our and their
				directors, officers, managers, members, partners, agents, other
				representatives, employees and customers (each an “Indemnified
				Party” and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), harmless from
				any claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense, including
				without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs, investigation costs
				and settlement expenses, incurred in connection with any
				investigation, claim, action, suit or proceeding of any kind brought
				against any Indemnified Party arising out of your use of the
				Services, any alleged or actual infringement of the intellectual
				property rights of any party, any injury or damage to property or
				person, any act by you in connection with any user of the Services
				or any other third party, or alleging facts or circumstances that
				could constitute a breach by you of any provision of these Terms
				and/or any of the representations and warranties set forth above.</li>
		</ol>

	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
